#summary Readme for the Game Announcer
#labels Phase-Deploy

_The Game Announcer is a powerful highly individually configurable tool which automatically analyzes and observes the ENT game lobby for you. It notifies you if it detected something and automatically logs it. It also provides more features to make the moderation easier, faster and more productive._

<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

=== Notes ===
    * The options _IEerros_ and _IEvisible_ will not be functional if you don't restart the GA. This means: You can change any other options while running the GA and they'll be taken over.
    * (v1.3+) *Supports all kind of games but only for one game name will be filtered.*
    * The ENT pages corrects its data with every second update. If a player joins, his ping is often 0 and his gateway is G/E. Thus, this false information will be taken over by the GA _until_ the page corrects itself with the update.
    * *G/E* means Garena _or_ Econnect. 
    * The page and the GA wont filter corresponding to the slots. If the only player in the lobby is on slot 10, the GA will put him on slot 1 until new players joined.

=== Requirement ===
    * Internet Explorer must be installed (I suggest IE10)
    * (v1.3+) *You must have admin access on [https://entgaming.net/ ENT] to use the tool*

=== Errors ===
|| Your internet connection must be working. || Try to fix the connection or simply restart the GA ||
|| Internet Explorer isn't installed. || If IE isn't installed, do that or if the GA falsely judged that, set IEerror to 1 ||
|| Login failed. || Reasons: Wrong account/Password or no access to the admin site. Might as well be a tech issue - simply restart the tool after waiting one or two minutes to fix it. ||
|| Time out! || Loading of the game pages took too long. In that case make manually sure that the ENT page loads correctly. Sometimes, it might be an ENT problem, too. ||

=== Settings ===
*1 means on/enable, 0 means off/disable*
|| Version || Should not be changed or you get an error. ||
|| !AntiSpam || The delay in seconds until the page will be refreshed and filtered again. Should be set to 5 for new/incoming games. ||
|| IEerror || Since the Interent Explorer is needed, the GA will check if it's installed. In case, it errors because it didn't find it, although it's there, set it to 1 to disable the GA's error. The IEerror also shows IE errors since v1.2.3. ||
|| IEvisible || If set to 1, you can see the IE. If set to 0, it's hidden. ||
|| !RefreshDelay || The GA waits for the IE to finish refreshing the site. It's checking every x millisconds when it's done (x = the number you entered). Although, it should work with a pretty low number as well, tests have proven, it's fixing this problem with a higher one. Just test it out yourself. (3 min, 9 max) ||
|| GamenameX || Default gamename for the player information board. ||
|| !AlwaysOnTop2 || Makes the Player Information window always on top by default. ||
|| !UserLink|| Customizable shortcut link.||
|| L_Username || The login username for IE ENT forum. *Don't manually edit this!* ||
|| L_Password || The password for the login. *Don't manually edit this!* ||
|| L_Option || To keep track if you wish to be automatically logged in ||
|| !AutoLogin || Logs you automatically in if login data is given. ||
|| MODmode || Enables the OBS checks ||
|| OBSips || A list of ips for which will be checked (e.g.: 999.22.1,929.11.2) ||
|| OBSsqlip || IPs as [http://www.webdnstools.com/dnstools/ipcalc integer] ||
|| OBScountries || A list of countries to check for (e.g.: Germany) ||
|| OBSname || Names to look for ||
|| OBSstate || The state of the player ||
|| OBScity || GA converts the [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_U.S._state_abbreviations ANSI abbreviations] from the ENT page. To filter for them use the GUI city names. Depending on the country, the ENT page might as well contain numbers like [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_dialling_codes_in_Germany dailling codes], they'll *not* be converted. ||
|| OBSlog || Logs the results in a file ||
|| Whitelist || A list of names for which will not be logged even if his infos contain some from them above ||
|| !GameHistory || Makes a duplicate of the current lobby as a new GUI. Can be useful if you are ingame and would like to have the information of a player without browsing the forums. ||
|| namelist || Disables the alert system for a player once it informed you about him (to avoid mass spamming) ||
|| proxycheck || Enables proxy checking ||
|| !ProxyFilter || A list of key words to check for while scanning IP for proxy ||
|| !DisableSound || (0) turns sound on, (1) turns sound off ||
|| !MultiGames || Enables the !MutliGames feature (see below) ||
|| Debug || Logs variables' content and shows certain progress steps. (Should only be activated if you encounter errors/bugs.)||
|| !DoubleLog || If enabled, it logs the results with gateway. However, due to the G/E issue, the result be will be double logged.||
|| ProfileX || The name of the profile which you can later edit/load/delete ||

=== Login GUI ===

|| Login Status ||
|| Starting IE || Starts the Internet Explorer ||
|| IE Check || Checks if the IE installed ||
|| Connection Check || Checks if you are connected to the internet ||
|| Ready || The Login button gets enabled and you can start ||

|| Buttons ||
|| Login || Logs you ins ||
|| _Automatically log me in_ || Saves the username & password and auto-fills the fields with the latest used data ||

=== Buttons ===
|| Stop || Immediately stops the process and resets everything. Also closes the IE. ||
|| Pause/Unpause || Pauses the program. Nothing happens meanwhile and the start hotkey is also disabled. *Note:* After you unpause, everything goes on and the incoming game statistics will most likely be out-dated. Best would be to pause in the anti-spam phase so it goes on with the refreshing after unpausing. ||
|| Toggle Player Information || Can be used to hide/show/recover the window. ||
|| Save Info || Creates a duplicate of the Player Information GUI ||
|| Toggle History || Shows/Hides/Recovers the GUI ||
|| Settings || Opens the settings to edit them ||
|| Log || Opens the log file ||
|| Tray Icon || Double click the tray icon and it hides the main GUI ||

*The Toggle Board and !AlwaysOnTop have been disabled.*

=== Player Information ===
    * *Double click* on a line to open the detailed user info and link access.
    * You can copy each cell of a row by pressing _Alt_ and the corresponding column number (starting the number 1 for the column _Name_)

    * You can run links (default browser chosen) with the username. Select a line, press ctrl+1 and the link (!UserStatsLink in the settings) will be opened. You've got many possibilities now - depending on your access:
       # stats link
       # use the ENT alias checker
       # use the banlist checker, etc

    * You can make an IP range check (xxx.xxx.xxx. instead of xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx) with ctrl+2. Dont forget to select the row to have the correct IP.
   
    * Right click on any line and you copy the current game name
    * If the columns are too big and aren't fully shown in the GUI anymore, you can use your mouse wheel to scroll to the left/right
    * The title contains the current gamename, slot number and corresponding full slot number of the autohosted game, start time (where the GA first seen it), current time and the elapsed time

=== !UserLink ===

The setting !UserLink allows you to create a customizable shortcut link to open a tab with the user info via ctrl+1.

Available to use: 
    * %url_name%
    * %url_realm%
    * %url_provider%
    * %url_ip%
    * %url_ip2%
    * %url_sql%
    * %url_gn%

Can be used for e.g. 
<code>UserLink=https://entgaming.net/bans/alias.php?player=%url_name%</code>
<code>UserLink=https://entgaming.net/bans/search.php?username=%url_name%&realm=%url_realm%</code>

It allows proper alias checks via name and the actual realm or a quick hostname look-up. Just make sure to use the proper url syntax from ent.
For example an IP check:
<code>https://entgaming.net/bans/namelookup.php?ip=111.222.333.444&gamename=%25island+defense%25</code>
<code>UserLink=https://entgaming.net/bans/namelookup.php?ip=%url_ip%&gamename=%url_gn%</code>

Example to check the banlist with 50% of the IP:
<code>https://entgaming.net/bans/bans.php?search=%url_ip2%&filterbyhostname=yes</code>
%url_ip% is the full IP whereas %url_ip2% is 50% of it.

=== Whitelist ===
*>= v1.4.2*

Since the whitelist has been given a gateway specific feature, I'll explain how to use it.

If you add _user1@europe.battle.net_ in the settings and the detected user1 is from europe, it will not be logged. If he's from a different realm, he will be logged.

If you do not care about specific realms, just put _user1_ in the settings.

Whitelist supports !RegEx, so you can also use _user1@(.`*`)west(.`*`)
However, if _!DoubleLog_ is enabled, you also have to add _G/E_ if you make the realm specific:
_user1@((.`*`)west(.`*`)|G/E)_

=== Log ===

Format: 

`[`a - b :: c - d`]` e 

   * *a* being the date
   * *b* being the time
   * *c* being the profile
   * *d* being the OBS setting (how it got detected)
   * *e* being the rest of the player information. Detection format: There are six kinds of detection formats. Each OBS option has an own one:
    # VIA ACC
    # VIA PROVIDER
    # VIA IP
    # VIA SQL
    # VIA GEO COUNTRY
    # VIA GEO STATE

You can easily see how the player was detected and you can start investigating with the detected info. This spares you the time to make a full check of every information.

If the name was logged due to _VIA ACC_ and the player also contains parts of OBSprovider, _VIA PROVIDER_ *will not* be logged because it would be doubled then.
You receive a traytip notification, regardless if the user is already logged or not.

If _!DoubleLog_ is activated, both _G/E_ and _gateway_ of the user will be logged.

=== Profile Manager ===

==== Add ====
You can add profiles. Giving a profile name and game name is necessary. If you want to enter new keywords, put them in a new line for each of them.

==== Load ====
Load a new profile as default one (for the player information board).

==== Edit ====
Enables you to edit a custom profile (except the default - current loaded - one (you can find them in the settings gui)).

Put new keywords in a new line

==== Delete ====

Deletes a custom profile. Deleting the default profile is not possible!

=== Multi Game ===

    * If enabled (1), it will collect each game name from the profiles with the corresponding settings and checks the current ENT games for it.
    * Every game will keep its own settings profile
    * !ProxyCheck does only work for the default profile.
    * The Player Information Board only lists the default profile game.

If you didn't add any custom profiles, it wont affect the GA at all. The !MultiGame option simply loads the other profiles as well.

In the custom profile, you can add two game names in one. For example:
_Gamename4=DotA apem us/ca,DotA arem us/ca_

This will check both games and uses the Profile4 settings for both of them.
If you use such a multi-game name profile, the last game name in the setting will be used for the player information board (after shortly showing the first game name).

=== Proxy Check ===

*Proxy Check should no longer be used due to a limit of one query per 5 minutes by the site. If you've a better source than the two below, please email me.*

The proxy checker if enabled (1) uses the following two sources to check for a proxy:
    * http://whatismyipaddress.com/ip-lookup (_VIA PROXY1_)
    * http://www.ip-adress.com/ip_tracer/ (_VIA PROXY2_)

If at least one detected an ip as proxy, it will be logged. However, it doesn't mean it's a 100% valid proxy. Make sure to investigate the case.

The IPs are being saved to avoid mass checking of the same IP which delays the process. However, after a restart, it starts from zero again.

!ProxyCheck works only for the current loaded profile.

=== Regular Expressions ===

Since v1.3.9 the GA also supports [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regular_expression Regular Expressions] (!RegEx) which will help to make as detailed search patterns as possible. This section will give some examples on how to use them.

*Basic wildcard* for everything: If you've got a provider called: _199-255-210-21.anchorfree.com_, you can simply modify it for the settings like this: _199-255-210-*(.`*`)*.anchorfree.com_ and it will match any provider with the ip range and the provider name. Everything between the minus (-) and the provider name (anchorfree) can be a random character. Possible matches: 199-255-210-21.anchorfree.com, 199-255-210-225.anchorfree.com, 199-255-210-125.anchorfree.com, etc.

It also works for provider such as _ip4daa72d0.direct-adsl.nl_. Simply replace the ip range patterns with the wildcard *(.`*`)* and you are done. E.g. _ip4da(.`*`).direct-*(.`*`)*.nl_. Every OBS setting supports !RegEx!

For more *details* on what you can use: [http://l.autohotkey.net/docs/misc/RegEx-QuickRef.htm http://l.autohotkey.net/docs/misc/RegEx-QuickRef.htm]

*Important:* Some characters have to be _escaped_. Those are \.`*`?+[{|()^$ must be preceded by a backslash to be seen as literal. For example, \. is a literal period and \\ is a literal backslash.
An example would be the OBSnames which can be used to detect name spoofers via |. Since this character has to be escaped, add it in your settings as _\|_.

*REGEX IS CASE SENSITIVE! burn is not the same as Burn*
To avoid this, make the search string case-insensitive:
*i)*burn will look for burn and Burn

Please also note that using min and max _{x,y}_ is not possible for OBS settings because of the comma which interferes with the GA looping of the settings.

*>= v1.4.5 :: Comma-Usage*

Due to interference of the !RegEx comma and the comma in the settings to split two entries, the settings will now be split by the _&_ symbol.

Example: OBSnames=Tim&!HelloPeter&aRtY&

The comma, however, will be used for the !RegEx in the settings.
Example: OBSnames=Tim&!HelloPeter[0-9]{1,3}&aRtY&
=== How to choose a good gamename? ===

Choosing a good gamename to filter for, you'll first have to find out which gamenames exist. So check out this [https://entgaming.net/forum/games.php site]. As example, I'll use Island Defense. The gamename on the site is: `[`ENT`]` Island Defense #xxx. Since there're not any other gamenames, writing _Island Defense_ in the settings will be enough. However, there're other games like DotA. Simply writing DotA as a gamename won't be enough - it will find the first gamename containing DotA and it might not be the one you wanted.
So check out which DotA gamenames there're. I'll choose a LoD game and a normal one. 
But LoD has 2 modes, so be specific which one you want, either:
    * `[`ENT`]` DotA LoD -sdems6d2 #149
    * `[`ENT`]` DotA LoD -sds6d2 #275

I decided to filter for the second one, so in the settings, you've to write: Gamename=DotA LoD -sds6d2

It's actually pretty simple. GA filters and checks if the line contains the keywords from the settings. 

*But* don't add the slots to the gamenames, neither the gamenumer like #111. `[`ENT`]` doesn't matter since all gamenames have it.

DotA has also many gamenames and since _DotA -apem_ contains _DotA -ap_, how do I filter for _DotA -ap_? Easy! Just make it like that:
DotA -ap *#*

*The pound makes sure the gamename is 100% correct and with this, there can only be one!*

=== Cryptography ===

The Game Announcers use the cryptography from 'Deo' who [http://www.autohotkey.com/board/topic/67155-ahk-l-crypt-ahk-cryptography-class-encryption-hashing/ published the source code] on !AutoHotkey.net. I am not the owner nor the creater and don't claim any credit for it.

The GA encrypts the username and password input using AES_128 encryption and MD5 hash and writes it to the settings.ini

For the auto-field filling, it reads the strings from the ini and decrypts them for the input only.